---
title: "Update 27 - I like to roll the dice 🎲"
author: Alex Anderson
authorURL: http://twitter.com/ralex1993
authorFBID: 764853781
---

- Fixed a bunch of bugs:
  - Coolant tanks now order in a sensible way.
  - When errors occur, they reset browser data to hopefully make it so the error doesn't occur again.
  - The viewscreen has fewer bugs and should display better.
  - Clients logout when a flight is deleted.
  - Added 3D views for the thrusters and reactor cards.
  - You can now specify the length of generated damage reports.
  - Tractor beam targets can be named.
  - Added systems configs for thruster navigation, sensors history, and stealth field.
  - Missions can now be applied to simulators in flight.
  - Assets are now more friendly.
  - Sensor contacts can now automatically be added to the targeting grid.
  - You can now use `#SIM` in missions to reference the simulator in question.
  - Inventory system now has a core and operates better.
  - Damage no longer leaks from previous flights.
  - Core-layouts now force a data update when switching.
  - Reactivation code works with generated damage reports again.
  - Fixed the messages so it works properly with teams
- Added a timer which can have it's numbers sent to the Sensors text box.
- Added the Dice of Doom.  
- A random message now shows on the welcome page.
- Added a tranzine gas core
- Added image previews for the viewscreens on the viewscreen manager page.
- Added a loading animation for Mission importing.
- Added timeline items for:
  - Adding and removing comm signals
  - Breaking and fixing a system

Don't forget, as a donor you get access to the latest builds of Thorium. [Donate Today!](/en/donate). If you have already donated, you can access the builds on the [releases page](/en/releases).

That's it for this week. Be sure to file any feature requests on the [Github repo](https://github.com/Thorium-Sim/thorium/issues) and see the current [roadmap](https://github.com/Thorium-Sim/thorium/projects/2).

Alex
