---
title: "Update 31 - It's digital! 👾"
author: Alex Anderson
authorURL: http://twitter.com/ralex1993
authorFBID: 764853781
---

- Exocomp speed is now controlled from a small core.
- Thorium now auto-opens the web browser on the computer you start it from.
- Errors are handled more gracefully by Thorium Server.
- Made sure that subscriptions would get canceled when a card is closed.
- Fixed improper text wrapping on several cards
- Fixed cards not getting the correct data when they load.
- Improved the auto-viewscreen algorithm.
- Made it possible to click and tab through fields on Navigation.
- Added software panels to Thorium. These panels are configured as follows:
  - Create a panel with the generic software panel config.
  - Assign the panels you want on a simulator to that simulator.
  - Assign the 'Software Panel' card to the screens you want it on.
- Added support for multiple instances of Thorium. If you are running a single instance, it shouldn't affect you - you just run Thorium Client like usual and the client will auto connect. However, if you run multiple Thorium Servers on the same network, you have to choose which server the Client needs to connect to. As long as Thorium Server is started before Thorium Client, the client will remember what server it is connected to.
  - **This feature requires an update to Thorium Client. Thorium Client does not update automatically, so you will have to perform the update manually.**
- The Keyboard widget now shows up above all other widgets.
- Added a more fully functional Messages core layout which allows you to see incoming messages and send messages from arbitrary people. 
-Fixed issues with Sensors and Engine Control.

Don't forget, as a donor you get access to the latest builds of Thorium. [Donate Today!](/en/donate). If you have already donated, you can access the builds on the [releases page](/en/releases).

That's it for this week. Be sure to file any feature requests on the [Github repo](https://github.com/Thorium-Sim/thorium/issues) and see the current [roadmap](https://github.com/Thorium-Sim/thorium/projects/2).

Alex
