---
title: "Update 33 - Don't drop this. 🥛"
author: Alex Anderson
authorURL: http://twitter.com/ralex1993
authorFBID: 764853781
---

## Version 0.2.4

- Fixed an issue with the client autoconnecting. **This requires an update to Thorium Client. Links are available on the client page when running Thorium**
- Improves asset handling and import
- Move notifications to the core feed, so you can see a feed of all of the events that happen duringthe simulation.
- Fix exocomps and viewscreen not reloading properly when a flight is reset.
- Resetting a flight now only resets the clients and cores that need to be reset.
- Improvements to mobile device expereince.
- Created the Glass frame, with a video animation background. Thanks to Nathan King for supplying the video.
- Cleaned up the welcome screen. No more debug buttons.
- Added more timeline macros:
  - Hit shields
  - Tractor Beam Targets
  - Trigger actions, like blackout and flash
  - Signal Jammer
  - Transporter Targets
  - Navigation Course
- Added a comm signals core, making it possible to change out the short range comm signals during a flight.
- Added a plopfile to make it easier for developers to add boilerplate code.

Don't forget, as a donor you get access to the latest builds of Thorium. [Donate Today!](/en/donate). If you have already donated, you can access the builds on the [releases page](/en/releases).

That's it for this week. Be sure to file any feature requests on the [Github repo](https://github.com/Thorium-Sim/thorium/issues) and see the current [roadmap](https://github.com/Thorium-Sim/thorium/projects/2).

Alex
