---
title: "Update 41 - 🌲"
author: Alex Anderson
authorURL: http://twitter.com/ralex1993
authorFBID: 764853781
---

## Version 0.2.17

* Throttled the thrusters messages for better performance.
* Blocked some subscription updates to decrease the load on Core
* Made it possible to rename software panels
* Completed the sound engine, making it possible to play sound effects on any
  computer
* Added a special "Sound" client, which acts as a simulator-wide sound player
* Added a keyboard macro manager, which allows the flight director to perform
  macro actions with the press of a keyboard button. The intention for this
  feature is to operate like a sound keyboard, but it can also be used for
  effects. One example is playing a 'EMP' sound on all of the crew computers and
  simultaneously having their computers spark when the sound is played.
* Added the following macros:
  * Auto-advance - advance the timeline when this macro is run (must be used
    with delay to be effective)
  * Video-advance - advance the timeline when a video is done playing on the
    viewscreen
  * Play sound
  * Cancel all sounds
  * Set a timer on core (must have sync timer active)
* Add video previews to the mission script printing screen
* Sort printed timeline items by delay
* Add ship status viewscreen

* Issues resolved in this update:
  [here](https://github.com/Thorium-Sim/thorium/issues?utf8=✓&q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed+closed%3A2018-04-08..2018-04-14)

Don't forget, as a donor you get access to the latest builds of Thorium.
[Donate Today!](/en/donate). If you have already donated, you can access the
builds on the [releases page](/en/releases).

Also, be sure to join the
[Thorium community chat channel](https://discord.gg/UvxTQZz). It's the best way
to get questions answered and to receive updates and information.

That's it for this week. Be sure to file any feature requests on the
[Github repo](https://github.com/Thorium-Sim/thorium/issues) and see the current
[roadmap](https://github.com/Thorium-Sim/thorium/projects/2).

Alex
