---
title: "Update 46 - 💻"
author: Alex Anderson
authorURL: http://twitter.com/ralex1993
authorFBID: 764853781
---

## Version 0.2.29

* Added the computer core card. This card is designed to be busywork for whoever
  it is assigned to as they track down hackers, virii, and corrupted files.
* Added notification for signal jammer activation.
* Added a 'Restore All Shields' button.
* Added ability to make targets on targeting stationary.
* Added ability to select a sensor contact on the sensor grid.
* Added mute button to short range communications.
* Added ability to force shields to be raised or lowered.
* Change the card picker on the Odyssey layout.
* Added an object duplicate button on tactical maps
* Training mode is now finished. By pressing the 'Training Mode' button on the
  ship core, sensor and transporter scans are automatically answered, a tractor
  beam target is added, messages are sent, and more. This can be turned off with
  the 'Reset Flight' button.
* Added snapshot restoration. The snapshot is the file which stores all of your
  Thorium data. Sometimes, it would become corrupted and you would have to start
  over. This ensures there is always a copy of the latest snapshot for you to
  use. Saving the snapshot is much more fault tolerant too.

* Bug Fixes:
  * Fixed issues with the probe control core.
  * Adjusted sensor contact speeds to slow them down a bit.
  * Improved sizing of targeting icon labels.
  * Better error handling for both the client and the server.
  * Fixed the issue with deleting objects while typing in fields on the tactical
    map config screen.
  * Improved handling of the thrusters card.
  * Fix inventory updates issues.
  * Fix an issue with the set config.
  * Add scrolling to daamge step config.
  * Make it so damage steps do not repeat.
  * Make it so damage reports don't include damage steps for the system that is
    broken.

- Issues resolved in this update:
  [here](https://github.com/Thorium-Sim/thorium/issues?utf8=✓&q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed+closed%3A2018-05-13..2018-05-18)

Don't forget, as a donor you get access to the latest builds of Thorium.
[Donate Today!](/en/donate). If you have already donated, you can access the
builds on the [releases page](/en/releases).

Also, be sure to join the
[Thorium community chat channel](https://discord.gg/UvxTQZz). It's the best way
to get questions answered and to receive updates and information.

That's it for this week. Be sure to file any feature requests on the
[Github repo](https://github.com/Thorium-Sim/thorium/issues) and see the current
[roadmap](https://github.com/Thorium-Sim/thorium/projects/2).

Alex
