---
title: "Update 37 - ☘️"
author: Alex Anderson
authorURL: http://twitter.com/ralex1993
authorFBID: 764853781
---

## Version 0.2.11

* Added ability to manually remove clients from the client list
* Made it so tooltips on the widgets no longer appear on touchscreen devices.
  This will hopefully fix the station freezing issues.
* Added improvements to the sensors core
  * Move all sensor contacts in a specific direction by dragging a direction
    indicator. This is based on a feature in Interstellar by Isaac Ostler.
  * Lock sensor contacts so they are not affected by the all-movement or nudges
  * Select and edit single or multiple contacts on the sensor grid. You can
    select multiple contacts by dragging
  * Improvements for auto-targeting sensor contacts. It shows the targeted
    contact on Sensors with a crosshair. Destroying the target removes the
    sensor contact.
* Added two new viewscreens:
  * Downloading
  * Damage monitoring
* Fixed a bunch of bugs. A few highlights:
  * Assets can now be uploaded from any asset viewing screen
  * Ship images should now fit better
  * Added scanning to long range messages to find the satellites
  * Improved the software panels so they wouldn't break if you create an
    infinite loop
* Issues resolved in this update:
  [here](https://github.com/Thorium-Sim/thorium/issues?utf8=✓&q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed+closed%3A2018-03-11..2018-03-17)

Don't forget, as a donor you get access to the latest builds of Thorium.
[Donate Today!](/en/donate). If you have already donated, you can access the
builds on the [releases page](/en/releases).

Also, be sure to join the
[Thorium community chat channel](https://discord.gg/UvxTQZz). It's the best way
to get questions answered and to receive updates and information.

That's it for this week. Be sure to file any feature requests on the
[Github repo](https://github.com/Thorium-Sim/thorium/issues) and see the current
[roadmap](https://github.com/Thorium-Sim/thorium/projects/2).

Alex
