---
title: "Update 57 - \U0001F4DC"
author: Alex Anderson
authorURL: 'http://twitter.com/ralex1993'
authorFBID: 764853781
date: '2018-08-04T08:16:21-06:00'
---
# Announcement
We'lll be doing a Thorium Developer workshop on August 25th on BYU campus in Provo. This workshop will be focused on getting developers up to speed on how Thorium works, how to extend it, and how to make new screens. More details will come. If you want to help with development or learn about how Thorium was designed behind the scenes, come on by!

Want to contribute? [Check out the contributing guide](https://github.com/Thorium-Sim/thorium/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md). 

## Version 0.3.4
- Added outbound messaging to the long range message sending core. This allows the flight director to compose messages from crew inside the simulator to be sent outside the simulator. These messages can be reviewed on the Message Review card. This also includes a timeline item for doing the same.
- Overhauled the simulator systems config with fancy new images courtesy [Endless Sky](https://endless-sky.github.io) (which is sweet, by the way). This should make it easier to see what systems you have installed on the simulator and to remove extra systems that are causing you problems.
- Added the 'Systems' core layout, which lets you directly modify the systems on the simulator during the middle of a flight.
- Added logging to files. This makes it easier to keep track of bugs and errors as they happen, especially on Windows where the window closes very quickly when errors happen.
- Improvements to how Thorium handles 3D models with multiple meshes.
- Improvements to how the file explorer uses its space.
- The file explorer will now take you directly to the currently selected file when you open it.
- Thruster's 3D view now uses wireframes instead of textured models.
- Added an 'Optimal Speed' option to engines, which affects the stealth field factor. When going the optimal speed, stealth is set to 0. Any number above or below the optimal speed will cause the un-stealthiness to go up.

### Bug Fixes
- Fixed an issue with migrating the file system on Windows
- Fixed an issue with notifications not properly appearing on crew stations
- Fixed the selection box on tactical maps and the sensor grid
- SVGs should now properly render and appear on tactical maps
- Added support for single shields in the status screen.
- Fixed the stealth field animation on the stealth viewscreen and status screen.
- Improved mission and simulator export when an asset reference doesn't have an extension.
- Contact selection boxes now perfectly bound the sensor contact.
- Contact selection boxes now follow the contact itself, not the destination of the contact.
- Widgets can no longer be dragged off the screen at all.
- You can now see clients from other flights when assigning clients to a flight.

- Issues resolved in this update:
[here](https://github.com/Thorium-Sim/thorium/issues?utf8=✓&q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed+closed%3A2018-07-22..2018-08-04)
Also, be sure to join the
[Thorium community chat channel](https://discord.gg/UvxTQZz). It's the best way
to get questions answered and to receive updates and information.
That's it for this week. Be sure to file any feature requests on the
[Github repo](https://github.com/Thorium-Sim/thorium/issues) and see the current
[roadmap](https://github.com/Thorium-Sim/thorium/projects/2).
Alex
