---
title: "Update 45 - 🎨"
author: Alex Anderson
authorURL: http://twitter.com/ralex1993
authorFBID: 764853781
---

## Version 0.2.27

I jumped the gun on this weeks big update so many of you already know the first
item.

* Reworked the Flight Direction user interface and user experience. The hope is
  that these changes will make it possible for me to do other big improvements
  to configuring everything the flight director needs.
* Added training for Flight Directors
* Added what are called 'Error boundaries' to core components. This makes it so
  if a core component has a major error, it won't break the whole core.
* Improved how Thrusters is layed out and how the thrusters affect the sensors
  grid.
* Added specific library cards. These cards show one major type of library entry
  (Legal, Damage, Security, Medical, Command), as well as all of the generic
  entries.
* Added the "ShipModel" viewscreen. It shows a gently rotating 3D ship model and
  optionally can have text shown on the left side.
* Added default power to systems, so flight directors can choose what power
  level a system starts at
* Added flux buttons to the systems list, so flight directors can flux system
  power

* Bug Fixes:
  * Fixed a bug where removing panels would cause errors
  * Fixed the phaser slider on the simulator config
  * Actions (flash, shutdown, etc.) now happen blacked out clients
  * Fixed the coloring of the glass viewscreen layout
  * Fixed an issue with probe equipment
  * Auto targeting now works with any contact, not just one in motion
  * Tactical map objects will now not dissappear from the screen if they aren't
    dragged all the way off.
  * Tactical map objects can now be deleted with the 'Delete' key

- Issues resolved in this update:
  [here](https://github.com/Thorium-Sim/thorium/issues?utf8=✓&q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed+closed%3A2018-05-06..2018-05-12)

Don't forget, as a donor you get access to the latest builds of Thorium.
[Donate Today!](/en/donate). If you have already donated, you can access the
builds on the [releases page](/en/releases).

Also, be sure to join the
[Thorium community chat channel](https://discord.gg/UvxTQZz). It's the best way
to get questions answered and to receive updates and information.

That's it for this week. Be sure to file any feature requests on the
[Github repo](https://github.com/Thorium-Sim/thorium/issues) and see the current
[roadmap](https://github.com/Thorium-Sim/thorium/projects/2).

Alex
