---
title: Update 60 - ⏳
author: Alex Anderson
authorURL: 'http://twitter.com/ralex1993'
authorFBID: 764853781
date: '2018-08-25T08:35:34-06:00'
---
## Version 0.4.7

* Added the lighting core. More details to come on this premium feature.
* Added a 'Repair' inventory metadata type. This is used exclusively with the 'Send Inventory' damage step item so you can specify which inventory can be used to repair ship systems.
* Added ambiance tracks, which are looping sound effects that constantly play in the background on the sound player station.
* Removed the 'Sciences' sound effect on station start and reset on certain stations.
* Added a simulator alert level macro.
* Added a Phoenix viewscreen layout.
* Changed the targeting icon selector to use the file picker instead of dropdowns.
* Changed the UI/UX of the probe construction screen to be smoother and support smaller screen sizes better.
* Added the ability to customize reactor efficiency levels.
* Added proper support for external power mode.
* Added a simulator and mission external library, where people can submit their own simulator configs and mission timelines for everyone to access. More details to follow.
* Bumped the version of the Thorium Client download link.
* Added the ability to change station cards during a flight.
* Added a timer viewscreen component.

### Bug Fixes

* Fixed an issue with the log file format - thanks John Robe!
* Fixed an issue with the signals core not showing the signals properly.
* Fixed an issue where starting a flight messes up software panels.
* Fixed an issue with a subscription not being unsubscribed.
* Fixed stretching of the ship logo viewscreen.
* Fixed an issue with short range comm macros.
* Improved the line layout slightly.
* Fixed the charge bars on the stealth field screen.
* Targeting contacts no longer appear when the targeting system is offline.
* Fixed an issue where you couldn't remove torpedos outright.

* Issues resolved in this update:
  [here](https://github.com/Thorium-Sim/thorium/issues?utf8=✓&q=is%3Aissue+is%3Aclosed+closed%3A2018-08-19..2018-08-25)
  
Also, be sure to join the
  [Thorium community chat channel](https://discord.gg/UvxTQZz). It's the best way
  to get questions answered and to receive updates and information.
  
That's it for this week. Be sure to file any feature requests on the
  [Github repo](https://github.com/Thorium-Sim/thorium/issues) and see the current
  [roadmap](https://github.com/Thorium-Sim/thorium/projects/2).
  
Alex
