---
title: "Lessons Learned - A New Perspective"
author: Justin Hammond
authorURL: "http://justinpaulhammond.com"
authorFBID: 100004083934540
date: "2019-04-01T09:25:39-06:00"
---

_This is a guest post from a new member of the Thorium community._

![At the Space Center](/img/crew1.jpg)

I recently attended a space simulator at the
[Christa McAuliffe Space Center](https://spacecenter.alpineschools.org) in
Pleasant Grove with some friends after hearing about the amazing experience they
had years earlier as they piloted their own space ship. They flew across the
galaxy, shot lasers at enemy ships, and were even boarded at one point during
their simulated “Star Trek”-esque adventure. These are things of dreams! I had
to go. A few quick phone calls later and we are suiting up for our space sim.

![At the Space Center](/img/crew2.jpg)

Our mission was simple: escort a new secret weapon to a testing location and see
if it works. What could possibly go wrong? We experienced rogue crew members,
allies damaged to the brink of death, enemy ambushes,intercepting messages from
the enemy, red lights flashing, and barely escaping. I walked off that simulator
2.5 hours after starting with in insane sense of euphoria! We had just saved
lives, fought off enemies, snuck up and spied on interstellar conversations, and
above all, avoided certain death. I had to do it again.

That same night, I ran home and did a quick Google search. After a bit of
digging, I came upon the website for the software this simulator uses called
Thorium. I couldn’t believe my eyes! I downloaded the software and dove right
into the docs which initially were not built out. Thorium for the last year or
two has been utilized among small tight-knit circles. Those who knew the
software had been running simulations forever and knew it inside and out. I
quickly found a link to a Discord server dedicated just to Thorium and started
blowing up channels with questions. After an incredibly welcoming group
introduced me to the basics, I decided the best approach to learning would be to
teach. After playing with a specific screen or role of the software, I wrote up
the missing documentation page for it. I was so enthralled with this project I
spent every waking hour not at work on learning the software behind the
experience. It is vastly complicated, allowing for almost any combination of
experience to be developed. The software is incredibly modular allowing for
crews as small as 2 up to 20 if you’d like.

I picked up the software quickly, learning its capabilities and limitations.
Thorium does so much, and at the same time, allows what we call a “Flight
Director”, or the actor behind the scenes, to really control all aspects of the
simulation. I quickly asked a friend to come up with a mission we could go on.
We wiped out an old Star Wars the Clone Wars scenery and got right to work
programming it into Thorium.

Thorium allows you to customize each station with different screens. The pilot
may have docking, navigation, and engine control while the mechanic may have
switch boards and damage reports. After building out stations for the number of
players we’d have attending at our mock simulation, we built out the systems
that would be onboard our ship. These are complimentary to the screens each
station gets. We added impulse engines and warp drive engines, adding in the
specific speeds, power levels required, and heat that each system would use. We
carefully selected music that would fit the changing scenario (fun upbeat music
for the initial start of the mission, epic dramatic music when in combat, etc.)
Finally, we went over our timeline making sure each piece fit well. We had
everything in place, we invited the friends over, and we braced for impact.
Murphy’s Law has a funny way of finding people.

Everyone brought their own laptop to make things simple. Thorium can run in a
browser so there wasn’t any configuration needed! It was going to be the easiest
lan party ever. After connecting to my wifi network which has an incredibly
lengthy password, we booted up to the ip for Thorium and I started assigning
roles.

![At the Space Center](/img/crew3.jpg)

**Lesson 1**, make sure you know your set. Name your clients appropriately,
otherwise you’ll be assigning stations to the wrong computers. It’s easy when
you’re only testing 2-3 windows on one machine, try eight of your friends and a
viewscreen and a sound player, difficult to keep them all straight. We had one
buddies laptop die on us, luckily my friend who was doing the acting part (we
call them “Second Chair”), had one he could borrow.

**Lesson 2**, Thorium isn’t a super intensive program, but to provide an
incredible and seamless experience to your users, make sure the hardware is
solid. There are a few animations such as on the Reactor screen that can be
demanding. Thorium has an awesome training piece built right in which teaches
the users how to use each screen they have assigned to them. We let them loose
on the training while we finished last minute details.

**Lesson 3**, although Thorium does an awesome job of stating how to use the
screens (which buttons to press, etc), there is no contextual training. The
lesson is to make sure to give adequate time to train or answer questions before
starting the mission. Sending a crew off on a mission while they still have
questions can be detrimental. Unlike the simulations I’ve been to before where
the captain gets a multipage manual as their training on the responsibilities of
their crew and the capabilities of their ship, we did not have the luxury of
time on our hands and therefore did not prepare a captains training.

**Lesson 4**: Make sure to help the captain understand their role as much as
possible. As the decision maker and hopefully the ultimate driving piece of the
story (on the user’s side), it’s important they know what to do and what they
can do. We let them loose on the start of the mission to the epic pounding of
the title screen music of Star Wars A New Hope. As we were pressed for time, we
opted to brief the crew on their mission via an inflight actor (the fleet
commander) instead of briefing them before they got to the ship.

**Lesson 5**: Don’t overwhelm the crew with flight controls just to then
overwhelm them with mission objectives. It was harder to understand the mission
from an inflight actor because we tried to build it into the story. As there was
no prior direction given on what to do before the flight started, after
“briefing”, they were still confused. Our mission we crafted for the crew was
pretty simple - or so we thought. We were to go to the last known location of a
missing ambassador’s ship. So they crew took to blasting off into nowhere...
they forgot to calculate their course before throwing the ship into warp
speed 7. Comically, the onboard 2nd officer (actor) jokingly asked where we were
going.

**Lesson 6**: Have some humor, it was fun laughing with the crew when they made
a mistake and we could easily incorporate that as a story element. When they
finally arrived, the fleet was blasted with an ion cannon destroying all the
bigger ships and critically damaging the ship the crew was on. As they were a
smaller ship, they were for a time undetected by the enemy fleet destroyer. What
ensued was mass hysteria. With multiple systems damaged, warning sounds and epic
music playing, the crew dove into alert condition 1. Initially, it was a
beautiful site to see as the crew started working together to repair the ship,
work on saving members of other crews in escape pods via tractor beam and doing
recon on the enemy ship to try to find a weakness. Certain things sat on the
users end for what seemed eternity. After the initial damage reports were
requested, other damage reports sat there – damage teams got sent off without
instructions, the tractor beam was neglected and other crews died, and there was
a lot of sitting around as the captain couldn’t decide a best course of action
to take – probably due to the lack of training and direction given.

**Lesson 7**: In these simulators, you may need to do a lot of hand-holding
depending on the crew and/or mission. Find a creative way to use an actor,
onboard computer, or story element to move things along. There was a decent
amount of dead space as we sat there trying to determine what the crew was
doing, and the crew sat there trying to determine what we were doing. Feel free
to make up some dramatic piece of the story that only touches one or two people
to keep them engaged. The sim we went on that inspired me to try out Thorium was
awesome for everyone except the Tactician who finally was able to participate
after 2 hours at the very end of our mission. Get everyone involved in unique
ways. The better the story, the more immersive, the better the experience. In
the end, we realized it was a bit chaotic. They finished the mission with many
more hiccups than I could possibly describe here, but we had an incredible time
learning how the system worked and how each station interacts with each other.
The human aspect makes every single mission unique.

**Lesson 8**: Murphy’s Law – everything that can go wrong will go wrong. Aside
from our logistical setup (which for obvious reasons is vastly different than a
dedicated space center), prepare to be surprised at the actions any crew member
may take which will slightly alter the story making the Flight Director think a
bit on their feet. Thorium was built so that anything can happen. It’s an
incredible piece of software that helps facilitate great stories.

![At the Space Center](/img/crew4.jpg)

That’s the key words though – help facilitate. It is up to the Flight Director
to craft and tell an amazing story that will immerse the crew of the ship to the
point they forget they are in a trailer or in a school and think, “I’m actually
flying a mission in space.” If you can crack the code on what makes a great
story, get a few awesome voice actors together, and run your simulator on
Thorium, you’ll be in the perfect place to give people an experience that is
sure to be out of this world.

_Want to write your own guest post? Get in touch on
[Discord](https://discord.gg/UvxTQZz)._
